c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe.config
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.HHForm.resources
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
c:\users\maxak\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.FirstForm.resources
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe.config
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.FirstForm.resources
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.HHForm.resources
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
E:\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.SettingsForm.resources
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.FirstForm.resources
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.HHForm.resources
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.SettingsForm.resources
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\obj\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe.config
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.exe
C:\Users\maxak\Source\Repos\HomeworkHelp\Max's New HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\HomeworkHelpClient\bin\Debug\HomeworkHelpClient.pdb
